Added Why I should use APIO section (#5)
liferay/apioarchitect.wedeploy.io: content/docs/introduction/why-should-i-use-apio.md

---
title: "Why should I use APIO"
weight: 7
---

As an API developer, you will have to provide the code that carries out the core of your API goal: maybe executing some internal services, accessing the DB or invoking some other external systems. 

Once you have the data you will need to convert it to the model that you specified in your API contract and send it back to the client as a properly formatted response.

> But, beyond these two basic tasks -getting the data and sending back the response- there are a bunch of hidden tasks regarding the parse of the request and formating the response in the way that clients of the API are expecting it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But, beyond these two basic tasks -getting the data and sending back the response- there are a bunch of hidden tasks regarding parsing the request and formatting the response in the way that clients of the API are expecting it.
```
